dvmittg £tatg f promt
PVI-IIBID.
DAILY, SEMI-WEEKLY ANTI W-EKt.T,
i »•. Blax Main Street. Richmond, V*.
TERMS:
UAILY—*O per year; *lx month*, 13; thre*
months, •l.fiO; 1 month, 60 cents.
SEMI-WEEKLY—•'".SO per year; *lx month*,
12B: three months, 75 cents.
WEEKLY—*I.SO per year; six months, 76 cent*
tekrWJSKKLVamI SE.Vr-WEBKI.Y JOURNAL
flub* at extremely low rates.
STEAMSHIPS.
rjlOll NEW YORK. <_____
THE OLD DOMINION STEAMSIf_MX)M
-PANY'S elegant sidewheel steamship WYA
NOKE, Oapt. Couch, will sail on FRIDAY,
July Bth, at 3 o'clock P. M.
Freight received until 2 P. M.
Through bill* of lading signed, and goods for,
warded with dispatch to all i>oints —north, south
east and west. Close connections made with Cu
nard line for foreign ports.
Passenger accommodations unsurpassed.
Far*....* ♦12 00
Steernge « 00
Konnd Trip Tickets 20 00
For freight or passage, apply to
JOHN W. WYATT, Agent,
iy 2-:lt No. I Qovemor street.
ExcuEsioNsT -
I EXCURSION TRAIJI TO STAUNTON
_ AND INTERMEDIATE STATIONS,
EVERY SATURDAY, AT 4:44 p. M„
AT REDUCED RATE.
Tickets good to retnrn by either train Monday.
Hare chance to enjoy the Blue Ridge scenery.
A. H PERRY,
je27—Tb_F»m General Superintendent.
Plastebs' Natiosai. Bakk, *
Richmond, V*., June 29, 1872. S
MIHE HOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THIS
JL ißank have declared a semi-annual dividend
of four per cent, tree from t-ix, payable to the
stockholders ou and after the 6th of JULY
NEXT. W. X UUARLES,
je 29—It Cashier.
rpltE SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION.—KAK.
X FLE for tho Benefit of the Widows and Or
ptmns of the Southern States.
DiaT-rBPTioK~No. 412. EvKßiso. July 1.
66 75 28 54 If 62 13 26 4U 20 18 66
£»BT«i»gTio» No. 413. Mo*m»o. July 2
66 77 38 61 21 37 44 71 68 86 2 13
"Witness my baud, at Richmond, Va.,_this 2d,
day of July, 187*1
SIMMONS * CO., O, Q. TOMPKINS,
Managers. Commissioner.
CERTIFICATES OF RAFFLE can be pur
chased from Captain W. I. DABNEY, at the
Branch oflice. No « Twelfth sti-eet., three door*
from Main
WATER WHEELS^
jmyi "ri'lllE ~R_COltl<B OK J?
_r_ Muss-., provesN. F. BURN- «I_|R
■*1 HAM'S NEW THRBINE JH
superior !<> 'ill others. I!
than tiny other wheel of
' common finish Pamphlet i __ l
L>- ruiil Price List, by N. I.
York, I'm ■"■^BBPfi[!!y r
Tilt—M Co., Ham, k Co., Wm. E.
Tuilt k CI"., and E. A. Datto.v, ltichmond,
Va., and A. H. PEimr, Manchester, Va., agents.
ftS'Wheel* in operation in Jiiehmond, \ a., at
Tredegar Co's Workp, Richmond Paper Manu
factuting Co., and J. J. M-Ht&fftle'i Planing
Mill. je S—DeodSiWßm
BVY YOUR WATER COOLERS - ~
at W. J. ANDERSON'S,
Bifl Main slid 206 Broad street.
~PEOPOSALB. ~
I>KOI'OS.\LS rOR IM lll.ir PRINTING
ANT) RINDINO.
HePAHTMF.VT OK PCBtTC PRINTING, )
Richmond, June 10, 1872. y -
Prop -Rals will be received by the undersigned,
at his otlice, in the Capitol, until WEDNES
DAY, July 10, 1K72, llio clock meridian, forthe
reprinting nnd binding; of five hundred copied
each of VIILth and IXtta Leigh's lie port, con
tuining about eight hundred pages each, the
work to he done in the same style as drat tan's
R»-)>orts, and to b* completed aud delivered
within four months from the signing of contract.
The proposals for printing mun be by the
thousand ems apd by the token for press work,
and the proposals for binding must be by the
volume. |
The work will be awarded to the lowest re
sponsible bidders, who will be required to enter
into bond with security to be" approved by the
(Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Paper for the job will be furnished by Ihe un
dersigned, and payment made ou completion of
the work and its acceptance by the Secretary of
the Commonwealth.
Copies of the bocks to be reprinted can be
seen by calling at the office of the undersigned.
R.F. WALKER,
Superintendent cf Public Priuting.
je 21—tow Up 10
Richmond and Danville Rah,roao Company, }
OffM Of Ge.-j'lTicket and Fubioiit Aoknt, [
Run mo an, June 20th, 1572. )
SPECIAL NOTICE—On and after Si.tur.
._. day next until further notice, «n ACCOM
MODATION TRACK will run between Rich
mond and Burkeville,
Leaving Richmond every SATURDAY at _:SSJ
P. M.,
Arriving at Burkoville at 8:20 P. M.
RETURNING :
Leave Burkoville on MONDAY at&:__A. M.,
Arriving at Richmond at 8:55 A. M.
S__TTHIS TRAIN WILL STOP AT ALL
WAY STATIONS
JOHN R. MACMURDO,
General Ticket and Freight Agent.
T. M. R. Tat.cott, Engineer and Sup't.
je-5— tf
Auction sales.
MS* ASSIGNEE'S SALE ££fe
Bllil of 3S
VALUABLE REAL ESTATE IN GREENS
VILLE COUNTY, VIRGINIA.
By virtue of orders of tho United States Dis
trict Court for the Eastern District of Virginia,
entered in the matter of Charles W. Spratley,
E. W. Spratley and William W. Spratley, bank
rupts, I will sell at public auction, in front of
the court-house dour at Hickesford, Oreensville
county, Virginia, on
MONDAY. THE or*DAY OF AUGUST, 1.72,
at 12 o'clock M., lhat valuable Real Estate sur
rendered, by said bankrupts.
ACRES on the Peters-burg Railroad, three
miles south of Hickesford.
426 ACRES adjoiuing the sain*'.
lt>B ACRES noar Pleasant Shade, eight miles
wsst of Hickesford.
ONE-HALF OF 350 ACRES called "Bottoms
tract," four miles east of Hickesford.
3S ACRES adjoining Hickesford, A'a., with good
building, on tho Mime.
ONE HOUSE AND LOT in the village of
Hickesford ; two-story dwelling-house, kitchen
and office, all in good repair.
TKRMS OF SALE—One-fourth cash ; balance
on a credit of ti, 12 and 13 months, bonds,
with interest from diy of sal*\ being required
for the deferred payments, with good security,
aud the title to be retained by the assignee un
til the whole purchase money is fully paid.
June 26,1872, JOHN R. OHAMBLISS,
je 29— 2aw3w Assignee.
£2J£ ASSIGNEE'S SALE
VALUABLE REAL ESTATE IN
PITTSYLVANIA COUNTY, VIRGINIA,
AT AUCTION.
By order of the District Court of ihe United
States for the Western District of Virginia, I
will re-sell (the purchaser having failed to com-
f p with the terms of the former sale) as assignee
Wm C. Claiborne, Bankrupt, ou the premises
SATURDAY, JUNE 22i>, 1872,
the tract of land upon which the bankrupt now
resides, lying on the road Wailing Jrom Ringgold
to Milton, N- C, and containing 109 acres.
TERMS —Eleven hundred and fifty dollars
will be required in cash, and the balance
«n a credit of six and twelve mouths, hi equal
instalments, the purchaser executing bonds
with good security for the deterred payments
and the title retained until all of the purchase
money is paid. THOS. E. COBBS,
Assignee.
POSTPONEMENT.
Owing to a lack of bidders, the above _ale is
POSTPONED until SATURDAY. July 13th,
1572, at same hour and place.
THOMAS E. COBBS,
~-.- 2fr-W3w Assignee of W. C. Claiborne.
BITItKUKS PATTERNS.
Sole Agency, Hows IfWltl Machine
Ou.ce 823 Main streW.
OOKS I BOOK!* ! BOOKS '.—We hove a
largo quantity of first-rate SCHOOL
BOOKS and SUNDAY SCHOOL BOOKS at
HALF-PRICE. Also Theological Books aud
general Literature, second-hand and cheap
BIBLES, large and small.
Agents wanted. Send for particular..
N. TIBBALS & SON,
37 Park Row, New York.
my 2S—DS&Wtiw
T)-UY YOUU WATER COOLERS
J3 at W. J. ANDERSON'S,
________ 825 Main and aifi Broad street.
TJUTTEKHK'S PATTERNS
-13 Sole Agency, llowi Siwuru Macbihi
Offioe 823 Main str-*t.
American Iron.
The London Mining World thinks that
"before the lapse of another generation tho
United States will he the great iron and
steel producing country of the world." It
observes that "there are causes in opera
lion which will prevent any rapid expansion
of the iron industry of this country, while
in the other the great resources of that in
dustry are comparatively untouched.
Among these causes may be mentioned the
limited supply of good ores in Great Brit
ain, the necessity which arises each year of
sinking deeper for the fuel to smelt them,
and consequently the increased expense of
raising it. The great body of British ores
is derived from the coal measures and tho
lias.
These formations occur in tho districts
of Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Staffordshire,
Warwickshire, and Shropshire. They are
argillaceous in character, and yield about
twenty-six per cent, in the furnace. Turn
ing to Percy's great work on the "Metal
lurgy of Iron," where the essays on one
hundred specimens of these ores aro given,
we find that in every instance ho
detected tho presence ol phosphorus. No
metallurgic skill has thus far been able to
eliminate this deleterious ingredient from
the ores or prevent it from passing into
pig iron, nor is it wholly extirpated from
the manufactured bar. In the Bessemer
process it adheres to the iron in every
stage and in undiminished quantity. With
ono per cent, of phosphorus iron becomes
fit for but few purposes. Sulphur is also
present in these ores, which is to some
extent expelled by calcination and the sub
sequent process of puddling, but sufficient
remains to render the iron unlit for con
version in the higher qualities of steel.
The Philadelphia North American, which
has for years assiduously and very ably en
deavored lo foster, stimulate and build up
the American iron interests, forcibly re
marks upon the subject:
"The American iron and steel interests
are stigmatized as grasping monopolists for
seeking to make legislation useful in this
crisis to give permanent ascendency to our
home production of iron and steel. Foi In
nately the enormous demand for both iron
and steel, coming concurrently with tho
causes referred to in the above extract,
will stimulate interest to the fullest possi
ble extent, and counteract the dibits of tho
free-traders to break down our works.
To the mind of the average free-trader
tho position of English industries is natural
and invincible, and it seems folly in us to
seek to build up our own. And yet we
see that it is essential to the interests of in
ternal commerce that we should do so, in
order to counteract any uuduo preponder
ance of the English, and to supply con
sumption in points where the English re
sources are confessedly inadequate.
England, it is already known, is a large
importer of iron ore, (js her own mines
cannot supply her works in consequence of
the enormous increase in the demand for
and production of iron. But it is not so
generally known that England is also an
importer of iron. Yet such is the fact.
The Mininy World informs us that she im
ports fifty thousand tons a year of pig iron
from Sweden and Russia, made from
Specular and magnetic ore, similar in com
position to those derived from Lake Supe
rior and Missouri.
List of Patents.—The following
patents were issued from the United States
Patent Office to citizens of Virgiuiafor
the week eudingjune 25th, 1872, reported
for the State Joi.'KNAL by Alexander <fc
Mason, solicitors of patents, 005 Seventh
street, Washington, D. C-. : Cultivator—
Wm. Walker, Cato, Hicksford.
AUCTION SALES.
._, _-_-_- — , — „,_~
\rALLMHLE TRUCK AND DAIRY FARM
V FOR SALE.—ON SATURDAY, the 20th
day of July, 1572, at 12 o'clock, M.. 1 will sell at
public auction, at my Auction liouso on Syca
more street, in lius city of Petersburg. Va., that
very desirable TRUCK AND DAIRY FARM.
situated on Cox Road, in Dinwiddio county, 15.,
miles from Petersburg, called "Linden," bound
eif on the north by Appomattox ('anal, on the
east by Sturdivani's land, on the west by Edgo
Hill (formerly owned by Wm. Turnbull), and on
the south by Cox Road. Said tract of land con
taining 70 acres by recent survey. The improve
ment consist of a comfortable two-story dwelling,
nearly new, with six rooms, kitchen, smoke
house, Sic.., about 4do fruit trees of all kind, with
fruit oh them. This farm is one of the most pro
ductive in the neighborhood, well adapted to
truck, dairy, grass or grain crops ; excellent wa
ter, and a pond stocked with huh.
P. F. Cogbill will show the premises lo parties
wishing to purchase. The title is perfect.
TERMS OF SALE — Upon a credit as to
$2,400 of the purchase money of lour, eight; und
twelve mouths, equal instalments, for negotia
ble notes, with six per cent, interest added, ee
cured by endorsement aud deeds of trust on the
property, and lor c.vsh as to the residue of tin
purchase money.
P. S.—For further informallon, address S. S.
Nottingham, Norfolk, Va.; John Lyon, attorney
at law, Petersburg:, Va., or the undersigned.
P. S. SEABURY,
j**_Sl—gnwtd Auctioneer.
LAND A\l> MILL FOR SALE.
lit pure-nance to an order of the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis
tct of Virginia, of the 31st day of May, 1»72, in
c matter of John S. South, bankrupt in bank
ruptcy, the undersigned will sell at Km_; and
Queen Court-house, on
THURSDAY, THE Urn DAY OF JULY
next, (that being court day) the property of the
said bankrupt, consisting of TWO PIECES OF
LAND adjoining the land of Wm. F. liar wood
and John B.tgby. Also, a WATER GRIST
MILL, situated near King nnd Queen Court
house The land will be sold in lots or parcels
or by the tract, as may be deemed for the best
interest of the creditors of said bankrupt.
TERMS—One-fourth cash, and the balance on
a credit of six, twelve and eighteen mouths, Ihe
piuchaser giving bond with ample personal *e
curity for the deferred payments, and the title
retained by the assignee until the whole of the
purchase money shall have been paid.
ROBERT POLLARD,
Assignee of John S. South, bankrupt.
je 17—2nw3w
No. 274..
By Smith k Peterson, Real Estate Agents and
"Auctioneers,corner Tenth und Bank si-reete.
AUIONJBB** SALE OF REAL ESTATE
In compliance with a decree of ihe United
States District Court, for the Eastern District of
Virginia, dated l.th February, 1572, in the mut
ter of Robert P. Simmons, Bankrupt, I will sell
at auctiun, clear of all liens,
TUESDAY, JULY 9th, 1872,
at 12 o'clock, M., in front of the United States
Custom-house, in the city of Richmond, 2,1 acres
of Land on Cobb's creek, Mathews county,
Va.
TERMS.—One-third cash, balance at«andl2
mouths, negotiable notes, interest added, forthe
deferred payments, aud tho title retained by the
Assignee until said notes are paid.
je 17—2aw3w JACOB COHN. Assignee.
, .
No. 1.36.
By Smith & Peterson, Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers, Corner Tenth and Bank Sts.
A SSI4.M-:F s SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
__TL In compliance with a decree of the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of
Virginia-dated February l.th, 1_72, in tji'-mntur
of Robert Warburton, bankrupt, 1 will sell at
auction, clear of all liens, TUESDAY, July fith,
1872, at 12' o'clock M., in front of the United
States Custom-House in the city of Richmond,
TWO HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-NINE
ACRES OF LAND adjoining the Green Spring
farm and John Jones- land, in James City Coun
ty, Vn.
TERMS—One-third cash ; balanca at kU and
twelve months, negotiable notes, interest added,
for the deferred payments, title retained hy the
Assignee until said notes are paid.
jel7—2aw3w JACOB COHN, Assignee
VIRGINIA NEWS.
—The Lexington (lazcltr says there arc
twenty candidates for Congress in that dis
trict, and two hundred aspirants for the
place.
—The Petersburg City Council passed a
resolution yesterday which reads as fol
lows : "'I hat we will not elect or appoint
any man on tho police corps addicted to the
use of intoxicating lienor, and any police
man suspended for such, shall not oc re
instated within twelve months from date."
■ —The Fredericksburg News says: "Staf
ford county has made no county levy for
the ensuing year, because the supervisors
have paid all the county debts, appropriated
enough to pay all expenses up to July Ist,
1873, and liave a balanca on hand of $977.
--70. Can't all other supervisors imitate
this?
—The Republicans of King and Queen,
Essex, and King William counties are invi
ted to assemble in joint convention on the
fourth day of July, at New Mount Zion
church, in Stevensville township, to ratify
the nomination of Grant and Wilson for
President and Vice President of the United
States. The following gentlemen have
been invited and are expected to speak:
Hon. -J. H. Piatt, Kdward Daniels, Rich
mond ; James li. Sener, Fredericksburg;
E. W.Massey, West Point, Va. ; John 11.
Gilmer, Richmond, Va.; Wm. 11. Lester,
Esq. ; lion. P. li. Carter, of Northamp
ton.
—Col. S. M. Taliaferro, of Stafford coun
ty, a life-long Democrat, declares, in a let
ter published in the Fredericksburg Ledger,
m favor of tho election of (irant and Wil
son. He says : "I shall battle lo the best
of my ability for Grant and Wilson, making
a choice between Republicans a matter of
right which no man nor set of men, neither
the editors of public journals shall prevent,
by slurs or epithrfs; high-toned and liberal
gentlemen would never heap upon those
who may elect to travel a dilfer
ent political road from themselves. Let
gentlemen take Mr. Greeley if ho suits
their taste. Time will prove who has
swallowed the bitterest pill. I shall make
no war upon them for so doing. I prefer
General Gram in every respect, aud could
give many and cogent reasons, but I for
bear, with the single figure—if! may draw
upon an old friend for the idea—lhat there
is as much difference between Greeley and
Grant, as there is between the sickly, pale,
trembling light of the day-star, and the
queen ol'night as she pursues her tracklosa
pathway through the heavens—the one the
most obnoxious man and the bitterest en
emy the south ever had, the other a soldier
and a gentleman."
,
Cornell Univehsity is to have a wo
man's college connected with it, a commit
tee having decided to accept the offer of
Ifenrv VV. Sage, of Brooklyn, giving
$250,000 to Cornell University for the
purpose of endowing a department for wo
men. A building is to be erected near tho
others for the use of women, and is to
be known as Sage college. It will
be provided with lounging and study
rooms, lecture and recitation rooms, a green
house and botanical garden, and will ac
commodate about '200 young women. The
advantages of the whole university will be
at their command, with tho addition of
special lecture rooms in their own buildings
designed for physiology and kindred stud
ies.
.!:,,-.mi v,- Women.
The Japanes women are not pretty ; but
they have charming natural manners ; with
beautifully-shaped arms, and tiny hands.
The young women are all as remarlfable
for their superb white teeth as married ones
are for their hideous black ones. The cus
tom originated some two or three hundred
years ago, and is supposed to show the
wife's devotion to her husband. One of
the Mikado's wives (so goes the legend) was
lovely, and to show her indifference to her
personal appearance, and to prove her love
for her husband, blackend her beautiful
teeth and shaved oil' her eyebrows. This
was considered such a sacrifice, that all liv
ing wives (not to be outdone by Mrs. Mika
do) followed her example. The custom
has become compulsory.
Whether the married women like thus to
blacken their teeth or not, is disputed
among the foreign residents here. The men
compel them, however, to do it, whether
they like it or not, for it is the great sign
by which a man consecrates and shows off
his chattel to the world. Whoever has
blackened teeth is not be touched by other
men, on pain of death. The eyebrows ot
married women, I may as well add here,
are shaved, and their lips roughed. Needs
there then, this penalty of death?— Appl
e Jiiiirniil.
Tjme's. GUANOES.—In the year 18"i9
the following notice, signed by a responsi
ble name, appeared in one of the Richmond,
Va., newspapers :
,l sloo,ooo MEWAEII."
"Messks. Editoks :\ I will be ono of
100 gentlemen who will give $'2,500 each
for the heads of the following traitors :
"Henry Wilson, Massachusetts ; Chas.
Sumner, Massachusetts; Horace Greeley,
New York ; John P. Hale, New Hamp
shire ; Wendell Phillips ; Henry Ward
Heecher, Brooklyn; Rev. Dr. Gheever,
New York ; Rev. Mr. Wheeler, New
Hampshire ; Schuyler Colfax, and about
100 others."
In 1872 one of these "traitors" is the
favorite candidate ot most of the white Vir
ginians for President, and another traitor
in the list is (.lie- candidate of the balance of
them for Vice-President. Which the
two receives the approval and support of
the author of the above curd we have not
learned.
«. ■
Movement of* Indians in Colorado unit New
Mexico.
A dispatch from St. Louis, dated June
29th, says: "That the Denver Tribune of
a late date says editorially, that various
correspondents of that paper in Southern
Colorado and New Mexico, state that ex
tensive and combined depredations "ure se
riously apprehended in the sparsely settled
parts of those Territories.
The Kiowas, Arrapahoes, Cheycnnes,
Comanchcs, Navajocs and Apaches have
iielU frequent councils during the past win
ter, at which it was endeavored to dissipate
all trivial prejudices and effect a combination
for a general Indian war. The recent murders
and robberies in New Mexico and Arizona
are referred to as evidence of tho intentioi
of the Indians, but whether a complete
cjmbinatif n has been effected is not known
The Tribune further states that a letter
from a prominent United Stales official
dated "Foil Sill, June 12th," says th
warriors of the Apaches, Cheyennes, am
Arrapahoes are organizing ostensibly fo
an attack on the Utes of Colorado, but the
writer thinks that a raid on the frontier i
really their object, and he says the Govern
ment authorities are doing all they can
bieak up the movement.
AUCTION SALE*.
JOHN B. CHAMBLISS, assignee, will sell fit
Hicksford, Greensville county, August 6th,
valuable real estate.
THOMAS E. COBRS, assignee, will retell on
the premises, July IS, a tract of land in
Pittsylvania couniy.
KOBTTPOI-T AKD,aßsignee,-witl sell at King and
Queen Court-House, July lft, Valuable real
estate in King and tiucen county.
X M. MAYO, assignee, and B. M. KOIHNSON,
Trustee, will MU at I.ancaster Court-House,
Monday, July 16th. (that being court day),
Valuable real estate in Northumberland
county.
P. S. SEABURY, auctioneer, Petersburg, Va ,
will sell at his rooms on Sycamore street, on
Saturday, July _Oth. at 12 o'clock M., a
valuable Truck and Dairy farm in DinwiUplin
county.
SMITH & PETERSON, auctioneers and real
estate agents, will sell on Tuesday, July 9,
at 12 o'clock M., in front of the United States
Custom-Ho use, several valuable tracts of
land, life interest in lands, chosos iv action,
notes, Sic.
S.N. DAVIS, auctioneer, will sell on Tuesday,
July ft, in front of tho United States cus
tom-house, in tho city of Richmond, the
Choses in Action, surrendered by James T.
Hutler Jr Co., bankrupts. Also, at the same
time and place, a valuable piece of real es
tate, lying in Henrico county near Rich
mond, formerly belonging to w. P.O. Oar
nett, bankrupt.
LOCAL MATTEKS.
ABSENTEES.
Persons leaving the ci'y for the summer
months can have the State Journal
regularly mailed to their address.
City Council.—The first session of the
new Council was held last evening. The
following members elect answered to the
roll:
Messrs. E. J. Euker, Joseph Hall, W.
C.Newberry, W. 11. IScott, A. I). Ches
terman, M. L. Straus, P. IL Starke, Thom
as H. Wynne, George Bargamin, William
English, A. Y. Stokes, I/mis Wagner,
William B. Isaacs, Charles T. Davis, John
M. Higgins, Dr. W. 11. Scott, James M.
Talbott, ("harles E. Whillock, S. S. Cot
trell, G. B. Lipscomb, Robert ICersc, John
E. Boisseaux, Joseph J. English, John Oli
ver, Landon Boyd, Albert Thorton, Rich
ard Forrester, It. If. Manly. Absent Mr.
Metzger.
Thomas 11. Wynne, E-iq., ra then elec
ted President of the Council for the ensuing
two years, over P. 11. Starke, Esq., by the
following vote:
For Wynne : Messrs. Euker, Newberry,
Ohesterman, Straus, Bargamin, English
(Wm.), Higgins, Talbott, Kerse, Bossieux,
English (J. J.), Oliver, Boyd, Thornton,
Forrester—lo.
For Starke: Messrs. Hall, Stokes, Wag
ner, Isaacs, Davis, Scott of Jefferson ward,
Whitlock, Cottrell, Lipscomb, Manly, Scott
of Clay ward—ll,
On taking the chair Air. Wynne returned
thanks for the honor done him, adding:
"There is an abundance of good material
among the members elect, and, without
regard to their position towards me, I shall
endeavor to divide the duties among all in
such a manner as to secure the best results
for our beloved city."
Mr. E. C. Howard was unanimously re
elected clerk of the Council for a term of
two years.
Dr. J. S. Wellford was elected a member
of the Council from Madison Ward to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the death of John
G. Davis, Esq.—ayes 28, noes 0.
Mr. B. T. August was elected messenger
to the Council—ayes 28, noes 0.
Mr. Isaacs, from the committee on
finance, reported approved the bond of J.
B. Royster, auditor, in the sum of $30,000,
with J. B. Davis, J. B. Pace, Truman A.
Parker, P. F. Boyle, Edwin Wilson, and
E. S. Turpin as Mircties ; bond of R. B.
Munford commissioner of the revenue, for
$10,000, with F. T. Glascow and W. B.
Munford as sureties ; bond of A. B. Dues
berry for $2,000, with Miles Turpin, Jno.
11. Greanor, and A, G. Babcock, sureties;
bond of J. F. Regnault for $50,000, with
Joseph Hall, John 11. Knowles, Sol. A.
Myers, C. W. Purcell, C. Wendlinger,
John B. Davis, Charles M. Wallace, and
M. Ellysou as sureties.
Adjourned uutil Monday afternoon next.
Special Tobacco Tax.—All per
sons who deal in any of the various forms
of tobacco are liable to the special annual
tax of $5, imposed by the new tobacco
law which went into effect on the Ist inst.
We extract the following from the new
law, for the information of those concerned:
"Dealers in tobacco shall each pay five
dollars. Every person whose busness it is
to sell, or offer for sale, manufactured to
bacco, snulf, or cigars, shall be regarded
as a dealer in tobacco, and the payment of
a special tax as a wholesale or retail liquor
dealer, or the payment of any other special
tax, shall not relieve auy person who sells
manufactured tobacco and cigars from the
payment of this tax."
1 -rties who have not paid this tax,
should avoid trouble and interruption by
attending to the matter at once.
Fourth of July Excursion.—The
grand military excursion to Norfolk on the
Fourth of July, is under the control of the
following committee of arrangements:
Sergeant George T. Hunter, Lieutenant
J. W. Gibbons, Sergeant W. 11. Tay
lor, L. O. Moise, F. W. Cunningham,
aud W. 11. Ralston, by whom every pre
caution will bo made to render the trip one
of pleasure and profit. It is certainly one
of the most attractive features yet announc
ed for the approaching national holiday. It
has been so arranged as not to interfere
with business transactions, the boat leaving
here after business hours on the evening of
the 3d, and returning to Rocketts at day
light on the morning of the sth.
Abandoned Women.—There will be
an adjourned meeting of the society for the
reclamation of abandoned women, this eve
ning at 8 ' o'clock, at Dr. Read's church,
corner of Fourth and Grace Streets. The
object of this society is one that not only
meets the unqualified approbation of every
pure, right-minded man and woman in our
city, but appeals warmly to every generous
ihi istian heart and band for sympathy and
material aid. The meeting should be large
ly attended, and the movement so nobly
begun carried on to a glorious success. ''
Labor Organization.—The journey
men tinners, gas fitters, and plumbers, held
a meeting at New Market hall last night, and
permanently organized by the election of the
following gentlemen as officers for the first
term: J. R. Mountcastle, Jr., president;
Cbastain Hill, vice president; W. W.
Wood, Secretary ; Fuqua, assistant sec
reUry : Gregory, treasurer; J. Bums,
Fined by a Magistrate.—Two
men, named Roundtree and Hulcher,
engaged in a fight yesterday at Beck's
brewery, near the poor-house. They weie
Police Court.—ln the absence of
Judge White, on account of sickness, Wil
liam Hall Crew, magistrate in Marshall
ward, presided in this court this morning.
The following cases were disposed of:
Lewis G. Dodson, charged with assault
ing and beating Phil Johnson, was found
guilty and fined $2.
Rose Richardson, charged with stealing a
breast-pin valued at $i, the property of
Charles Tyler, and Ann Johnson, charged
with unlawfully receiving the breast-pin.
Rose sent to jail for thirty days. Anna
Johnson discharged.
Edward t 'allium and Timothy Higgins,
charged with being drunk and disorderly
and using abusive and insulting language to
the policej also, with lighting. Fined $0
each, and in default of which, were com
mitted.
Edward Fagan, charged with unlawfully
cleaning out the privy of llichard Cayden,
and spilling the night soil in the streets.
Fined $ff,
James Dabney, charged with being a
vagrant. Bound over.
Margaret Dickie and Jane Johnson,
charged with cursing and abusing Angelina
Washington and Tobias Piersoll, and An
gelina Washington charged with cursing
and abusing Margaret Dickie. Margaret
Dickie and Jane Johnson discharged. An
gelina 'Washington fined $3. Angelina
Washington ami Tobias Piersoll required to
give security in the sum of $50 for six
months.
_____ *> I—
RIC'HMOXI) PIIIIHIARMONIC ASSO
CIATION. —The thirteenth anniversary of
the Richmond Philharmonic Association
was celebrated in a grand style on Friday
last at the Huguenot Springs. A special
train left the Danville depot at 5J oclock P.
M., carrying the "Phils" and their lady
friends. At the Huguenot early in the
evening, and before the commencement of
the exercises, a very large number of
ladies anil gentlemen from the neighbor
hood arrived, and these remained during
the evening. They were all highly pleased
with the singing of our Philharmonic boys,
which was, of course, an unusual treat for
our country friends. During the evening
Professor Anibold, on behalf of the Rich
mond Philharmonic Association, presented
Mr. E. 11. (,'h»niberlayne, Jr.,the secretary
of the Association, with one of the hand
somest seal rings we have ever seen. A
lyre is handsomely engraved on the seal,
and the inside of the ring bears the follow
ing inscription : "R. P. A. to E. 11. C,
Jr., June 28, 1872." Major Ferguson, of
the Springs, gave our hoys the best possi
ble attention during their stay, which will
long be remembered by them. The "Phils"
returned on Saturday morning.
Special Court of Aim'eaxs.—The
Special Court of Appeals of Virginia con
vened yesterday. Judgo Oustavus A.
Winglield was elected president of the
court.
The following first ten cases of the dock
et were called this morning : Wardsworlh,
_c, vs. Ooodwyn, sheriff, <tc.; Yuille's
administrator, vs. Hundley, submitted ;
Claybrook vs. Scott, el al., argued by R.
T. Daniel for appellants, and submitted ;
Glinn's administrator, vs. Glinn ct at., will
be heard to-morrow ; Hume's executor, vs.
Taliaferro el ah, submitted; Kampe vs.
Buskey, ct al. ; McCleish, Reives, JfcOo. vs.
Broaduax, et al., submitted ; Branch &
Son's vs. Baldwin, submitted; Citizens'
Savings and Insurance Company ts. Jones,
submitted ; Conant & Hunter M. Lassiter.
_
An Old German Citizen Drowned.
About half past eight o'clock last evening,
Frederick Werner, an aged German citizen,
residing on Governor street, between
Franklin and Main, was drowned in the
canal near the new Gallego cotton
mill. The "body was recovered. It
had drifted down to the gate of the locks.
Werner was about sixty-three years of
age, and is supposed by his son to have
been walking out for fresh air, as he was a
great sufferer from asthma. An inquest
was held this morning, the jury finding a
verdict of accidental drowning.
Third Congressional District
Convention.—This convention meets in
this city on the 7th day of August.
Among the Republicans who have been
mentioned in connection with the nomina
tion are Rush Burgess, Esq., J. Ambler
Smith, Esq., and General Williams C.
Wiekham. It has been quite widely re
ported that Genera] Wiekham would not
consent to the use of his name for the nomi
nation, but we feel suro that the report is
unauthorized.
Hustings Court.—Tho trial of Charles
E. Warren, One of the alleged confidence
men, is in progress to-day, iv tho Hustings
Court.
The special grand jury in session to-day
found a true bill of indictment against John
L. Greene.
Reuublican State Committee
Meetings.—A meeting of the Repub
lican State Executive Committee has beeu
called to assemble in this city on Friday,
the fifth day of July, and a meeting of the
State Centarl Committee, on Wednesday,
the eleveuth day of July.
Dr. Brock's Horse.—Dr. Brock called
at our oflice to-day to say that his horse
was hitched, and that the market cart
backed into him and forced him to break the
halter, and hence the runaway and _mash
up reported by us yesterday.
Personal. —Ex-Gov. Henry A. Wise,
of this city, we see it stated, will deliver a
lecture before the Library Association of
Wheeling, some time during the appioach
ing fall.
Ernest Wiltz, Esq., returned from the
White Sulphur Springs last night.
Visitors at the White Sulphur.
We learn that there are now about two
hundred and fifty guests at the White Sul
phur Springs, mostly from the North.
Fans. —Our thanks are due and hereby
tendered to W. L. White, agent of the St.
Louis Mutual Life Insurance Company, for
a bunch of fans.
Range of Thermometer to-day at
C. F. Johnston's Music and News Dep6t,
No. !)1S Main street:
0 A. M. 12 M. 3 P. M.
75. 03. 98.
fc_"Kewiii_ Machine Certificate*.—The Will
cox k Gibbs sowing: machine, which ts a*' Virginia
institution" by virtue of invention and patent,
is rapidly taking the place of all the double
thread machines, where Its superiority over
them is known. The following certificates arc
taken from hundreds oi" others that have been
cheerfully given in this Stt te :
Hovdiox, Mecklenburg County, Va.
1 send you my Wheeler k Wilson, which U in
perfect order and handsomely goueu up, to ex
change for a Willcox _ Gibbs machine. I shall
trust to your liberality to do the best you can
for inc. I want a good machine, but do not care
for looks. Wm. H. Jonjis, M. 1).
St-vk.nsbi'bo, Culpcper County, Va.
Several of my neighbors have the Willcox _
Gibbs machine, and it is much more suitable for
family sew ng than the double-thread, which 1
have I would like to exchange
B. K. Willi*.
BY TELEGRAPH.
LATEST FROM ALL POINTS
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC NEWS
REPORTED FOR STATE JOURNAL
FROM WASHINGTON.
The Baltimore und Potomac Railroad Opened.
Washington, July 2.—Tho Baltimore
and Potomac railroad was opened this
morning. This hreaks the chronic monop
oly between Baltimore and Washington,
and gives travelers the choice of the great
northern aud southern combinations, with
out the vexatious delays to which an
unfortunate choice subjected'them. Here
after, whether tho Pennsylvania Central
or the Baltimore and Ohio combinations
be chosen, there will be no tedious or
exponsivo delays at Baltimore.
Fears of an Indian Raid.
Washinylon, July -.—The Secretary of
the Interior received an official communica
tion yesterday from Moses Adams, Indian
agent at Fort Woods, Dakota Territory, in
which he expresses fears of an Indian raid
and asks for troops for protection. He
was informed by the peneral in charge of
the soldiers in that department that in case
of necessity they could be furnished, but
that ho should try and get along without
them.
The Beer Manufacture.
Washinylon, July 2.—The number of
beer stamps issued from the Internal Reve
nue Bureau during the fiscal year just
closed was 27,59r),G1)0, an increase ol
5,000,000 over the issue of the year previ
ous. This would seem to indicate a flat
tering increase in the manufacture of beer
for tho same period.
Heuvy Kccciut..
Washington, July 2.—The internal reve
nue receipts yesterday exceeded a million
dollars, This is a good beginning for a new
fiscal year.
POLITIC A l'T"
Ohio fur (.rant.
Washington, July 2.—Mr.J.M. Mctircw,
chief cleik of the Sixth Auditor's Office,
returned to his desk yesterday, fresh from
a recent visit to his native State, during
which ho "kinder looked inter politics."
Mr. McGrew says that after a careful can
vass of the whole State and conversing with
some.of the most prominent Republicans
of the State, who keep themselves tho
roughly posted, that Ohio will give Presi
dent Urant forty thousand majority next
fall. Be says that notwithstanding the
reported condition of the Stale, Greeley
will not receive many voles, the majority
of the people repudiating the convention
that was held in their midst.
THE JUBILEE.
Irish Day—Popular Features—Tarn's Harp.
Coliseum, Boston, July I.—Company P.,
2d regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard,
arrived this morning, and attended the con
cert this afternoon, in company with seve
ral officers of the Slth regiment.
The day, which was announced as pecu
liarly devoted to the Irish, drew an audience
of only twenty thousand.
A fantasia from "Faust" by tho French
baud, the astonishing accomplishment of
Madame Peschka Leutner in the air of the
"Queens of the Night," from the "Magic
Flute," and the performance of the Irish
band under Clemeuts were popular fea
tures, although the EngHsh and German
bands were received with great favor.
The Irish musicians showed their skill
under the accomplished leader who had
them in training but a short time, and were
kept on the stage for nearly one hour. The
enthusiasm was immense, and overtopped
that aroused by the anvil chorus, with its
guns and strikers. "The harp that once
through Tara's halls" was sung by the
chorus and audience, and the Grenadier
Guard band revived the enthusiasm by
performing in fine style the "Oberoti''
overture, and several English and Ameri
can favorites. The "Don Juan" overture
by the German baud was favorably
received.
The Wife of "Sanauluv llear"_Fivc Years
with the Sioux und Mu-yemies.
St. Louis, July 1. —The Kansas City
Times of the 29th ultimo says that Miss
Amanda Barber, who married "Squatting
Bear," a Brule Sioux chief at Washington
in 1807, and went to Dakota Territory with
her husband as missionary, arrived in that
city on the steamer from
Fort Benton, on Friday last.
After spending three years with the
Sioux, suffering gross indignities and being
compelled to perform the most menial ser
vices, she attempted to escape, but was re
captured and beaten nearly to death by her
husband, and sold to a Cheyenne chief for
three ponies. She was then taken north in
1870 and remained with the Cheyenncs till
this spring, when she escaped from Fort
Benton. Miss Barber left Kansas City on
Friday for her home in Million!, Massachu
setts.
.»
A Railroad Ollice Kobbed.
Indianapolis m Ja\y 1. —Burglars entered
the depot of the Indianapolis, Bloomington
and Western railroad, at Crawfordsville,
last night, drugged the agent, opened the
safe, abstracted 81,485, ignited a barrel of
coal oil, setting fire to the depot, and
escaped. The building was badly injured
but not destroyed.
Rectifying Establishment Destroyed.
Philadelphia, July 2. —Explosions in
Elkin and Middletou's establishment caused
a lire by which $40,000 woi th of whiskey
aud §25,000 worth of rectifying apparatus
were destroyed.
4SI
The " 11. vi, il Term."
Ntw York, July 2.—The police reported
-7 sun-strokes yesterday, several of which
proved fatal. The thermometer this morn
ing at 8 o'clock, stood at 90 degrees.
Philadelphia, July 2.—The thermometer
this A. Al. stands at 92 degrees. Many
sun-strokes occurred yesterday.
.*»
Spalu.
Madrid, July 2. —The government has
sent heavy reinforcements to Catalonia, to
crush the apprehended disloyalty demon
stration.
—
Homicide and Suicide.
Memphis, Term., July 2.— lo a quarrel
over a two years old horse tiude, Benjamin
A. Wiay killed his brother-in-law and
then killed himself. 'Ihe utl'niy occurred
near Brownsville, Term. The parlies are
of respectable families.
(Evmittfl &fot* gonial
Omclnl Paper for Ihe ("ovrrnmenl.
RATES OF \ DVKRTISING.
ONE DOLLAR per square of eight lines, *olid
nonpariel.
SPECIAL KATES at counter, w by
contract, with regular patron*.
llcstrnctlvr Fire ut \Vcll;ville.
Klmiro, X. J., July I.—A disastrous
Cue occurred this morning at Wellsville,
Alleghany county. It broke out in Sars
fleld's liquor and grocery store, and rapidly
spread to the wooden builidngs adjoining.
The chief sufferers are Mr. Wilkins O. El
plin, who owns one hotel, which was burn
ed, and Mr. Sherman, owner of another
hotel. The Hanover and Phoenix Compa
nies of New York, and the American, of
Philadelphia, are the heaviest insurers.
FROM ABROAD.
IRAMT.
Paris, July 2. — Great disappointment
was expressed in the Assembly when upon
the reading of the text of the treaty of
evacuation, it was found, although certain
districts are to be gradually evacuated,
Germany has Ihe right to maintain the full
strength of the army of evacuation in
France until the war indemnity is entirely
liquidated.
PVew York Markets.
Seio Yurk, July X, —(button nominal; Kale.,
540 bales ; uplands, 25H ; Orleans,2.*, 1 ... Flour,
dull lit o®loc. lower. Wheat dull and declining
Corn, dull declining, l'ork quiet, *n:_©*l-2fl.
Lard dull, steamed, (i';@oV,, Turpentine quiet
snd weak, 47c. Rosin, dull and nominal $3.00(4
$.1.10 for strained. Freights .steady.
Kinniiclul.
Stocltß, dul OoM quiet, 113?«. Money easy
at 4 per cent Exchange, limit 9H, short, 10H.
Governments steady. State bonds heavy and
quiet.
CLEANINGS.
—Speaker Blame's son, who has been
studying in Paris, is coming home.
—Governor Magoffin, of Kentucky, mid
John C. Breckinridge are ul Long Branch.
—A. <.'. Cameron, editor of the .W
---ojlicc (Jazette, died in Washington yester
day.
—Miss Nellie Grant, accompanied by
Minister Sclienck, visited the House of
Lords last night.
—The widow ol .James h'isk, Jr., is iv
attendance Ott the trial ol'Stokes, and is
evidently determined to aid in the effort to
convict that inui\lerer.
— Dr. Mary Walker is trying to impress
upon the mind of the chief of police of
Washington city the necessity of permitting
policemen to carry umbrellas.
—The Rev. Peter Gartwright, who was
seriously ill some months ago, has recov
ered his health in a degree, but appears to
have bat the use of his mental faculties.
—William Smith, editor of the Cincinnati
I'rice Current, and until the past year for a
long time superintendent of the chamber
of commerce, is dangerously sick, with
very litlle chance of his recovery,
—In the great race fbr the Monmouth
cup Harry B.issett has tho call of pool
buyers, and betting men are very shy.
•Jolin Mori issey attempted a pool-bidding of
1.15,000 on Harry I'.assctt over $1,1)1)0 lor
Longfellow.
— The Philadelphia Aye says: " An in
fluential and well-informed Democrat of
New Jersey writes to us : ' 1 have become
better satislied than before that there are a
great many Democrats who will not vote
fur Greeley, making the loss of New Jersey
almost certain.'"
--Krotn a table prepared at the Signal
ollice, it appears that the average tempera
ture of the month of June was 70 degrees,
the coolest day being the 4th and sth, when
the 'mean was each day G_._, the warmest
day the _!)th, when the average was 87.-.
The rain fall during the month aggregated
2.78 inches, about two fifths of which or
l.lli fell in one day the llitli. The prevail
ing winds was south —total number of miles
traveled ~'HV2.
~ TAKEN U_\~
■I'AKEII LP—ln my unl-neld on JulynsSJ
1 Ul, TWO HORNED COWS, one lari?e_[2t_
dun-colored, with white spots on head and Iwuy :
and ono light red, with white belly, back and
head. The owners will come forward, prove
property, pay charge* and take them away
If. A. SUHULTZ,
jy 2—.ft* near Harvle.
JLOST.
lOST— A child* ARMLET CHAIN, with
J cluster of pearls in centre. Ihe Under
will be rewarded by returning it to
NOWLAN -CO.,
je 29—8t Jewelers.
110
I'll THE DISTRICT COUHT. OF THE UNI
TED STATES for the Eastern District of
Viiginia.
In Hie matter of .fames M. Moody vs. E. T.
rilkinton, bankrupt—in bankruptcy.
At Richmond, V*a. this Ist. day of July,
1672.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
Please take notice, that a petition has been pre
sented to the Hon. John C. Underwood, judge of
the said District Court, in Bankruptcy, by
11. \V. Rransford, assignee of the estate of said
bankrupt, to sell the real estate belonging to
said bankrupt, free from all liens aud encum
brances thereon.
This is to give notice to all persons interested,
that in terms of said petition an order has been
issued by the Judge aforesaid, for all persons
who may be interested in said estate, lo appear
hefore w. W. Forbes, Register in Raiikrupicy,
his at ollice, in Richmond, on the loth day of
July, 1572, at lo o'clock A. M., aud show cause,
If any they have, why such au order should not
be granted 11. W. UKANSFORI >,
'y'2-Tu-w Assignee
.—-_* .————— H
I!y S. N. Davis Auctioneer.
ASSIGNEE'S AND TRUSTEE?* SALE
OFREAL ESTATE IN
HENRICO COUNTY, NEAR RICHMOND.
Pursuant to two orders of the United estates
District Court Ibr the Eastern Disuicl of Vir
ginia, in the matter of J . „ D. W. Hitchcock vs.
W. F. It. tiarucit, bankrupt, entered ou Janu
ary 21. 1572, and April 11. 187-, we shall sell at
public auction, ou TUESDAY, July 8, 1*72, at
fa HI., in front of the United si.ites Custom
House, in tlicciivof Richmond, that VALUA
BLE I'IEOE OF LAND in Henrico couniy,
about two miles from Richmond, on the Chesa
peake nnd Ohio Kailroad, cntaining THIRTY
SEVEN AND ONE-HALF ACRES, or there -
about*.
Tins property will be sold tree from all bens
and incumbrances.
TERMS—Onc-ihiid cash; balance iv six and
twelve moi.ths with Interest added from lliedit)
of sale, deterred payments to be secured, by a
deed of trust. C S CONVERSE,
Assignee of VV. F. _. Uaruett.
Peter W. tirubbs, i
A llodeker, f Trustees.
Stenheu Hunter. ) |c 10—_aw3w
lt',2—luvel.
DISTRICT COUKT OK THE UNITED
STATES for the Eastern District of Vir
ginia—in bankruptcy.
In the matter of John R. Pat teraon vs. Ueuja
min H. Spiers, bankrupt—m b inkruptcy
Eastern District of Virginia, ts :
A warrant iv bankruptcy has been issued by
said court against the estate of Benj H. Spiers,
of the count v of Dinwidilie, state of Virginia who
has been adjudged a bankrupt on the petition
of his creditors , and the payment of any debts,
and the delivery of any property belonging to
said bankrupt, lo him ur for his use, and the
transfer of any property by him, are forbidden
by law; a meeting of the creditors of -aid
bankrupt, to prove their debts and choose one
or more assignees of his estate, wdl be held at
a court of bankruptcy, to be holden at the office
of the Register, in Richmond, Va., before W. W.
Forbes, JEsq., Register, on the 6th day of July,
A.D.lß«..tloo'c.„.k i^vbßpA ___ s _.
j e 19—W2w U. is. Marshal.
UV YOUR WATER COOLERS
at W. J. ANDERSON'S,
s._ Main aud 204 broad sir-*..
